they forbid stepped off our training
seekers comm got another variation of
the triple headset for a year instead of
increasing the weight on each successive
set basically three times
ordinarily I would have you do something
like st. benchpress 25 pound dumbbells
for 30 to 40 reps and then rest in
seconds and then bench fifty pound
dumbbells for six to eight reps and then
100 pound dumbbells from one of the
treat ribs that's what the ad said is
all about increasing the weight each
time this version is a range of motion
version where instead of increasing the
weight you're gonna be increasing the
range of motion
so the first part of the set is gonna be
high reps though you're gonna do the
very strongest range of motion that
you're gonna be able to have a lot more
reps with that the first week you're
going to pick is something you could do
probably about 12 to 15 reps with and
the second part of the set you're gonna
do half the range of motion to just
above whatever sticking point is on the
exercise you're at I'm gonna be doing
barbell curls here so the top part of
the range of motion is gonna be just up
here very short just the top couple
inches and then I'm going to go over to
just above that sticking point which is
the sticking point is generally the
halfway mark of the exercise so we're
gonna stay just above that and then the
last part of the set we're going and
knees are keeping the weight the same
we're going all the way down all the way
up and that's for just one to three reps
and by that point that's all you're
going to be able to do with that dead
weight so let's get to it
that was 36 and you can kind of cheat a
little bit on the way up so you're not
wasting energy getting up to the first
part do the same on the second one I'm
going to kind of give it a little cheat
to the top so I'm just digging at the
top range of motion and then this is
gonna be just the top half to just above
the sticking point
that's part two last one for each
if you can't get a pump with this little
training check your pulse
did you probably know me that way this
is a great training technique I'm gonna
feel like most of the blood I really
forced some growth into those stubborn
fibers we're very good with this right
another triple had set to a variation
for you here this one is done using a
push down and instead of increasing the
weight on each set like I don't really
have you doing and this way you're going
to be decreasing the range of motion
we're gonna be starting with a very
partial outraged emotion range motion
the strongest part of the range doing
very high reps like 30 to 50 reps just
in that very certain range of motion in
your breast ten seconds and then you go
again with the partial range of motion
just up to the sticking point about six
to eight reps and then and this is all
keeping the same weight then you're
gonna do a full range with that in the
one to three rep range and by that point
I saw you're gonna really be able to get
with that very same way too so this one
isn't push down and it works with just
about any exercise here that you can
think of and that makes it a nice one
for eternity crowded gym and you have to
use freeway didn't want to hog all the
weights but obviously not really big
wait staff but this one very nice
you're gonna like
to the pushdown first part is going to
be just in that bottom range of motion
second work going to be right here just
before the half way point third part all
the way up all the way down
so if this one the weight you're going
to pick on the first is something you
can do for about 15 reps gives you kind
of a nice mix on that I found that to be
about the best oh wait too big to work
with is the next one just before the
halfway point
so never rest in seconds we go again
full range
that's it this one gives you a
tremendous pump the first set brings a
lot of light into the muscle the seconds
that keeps it there and really starts
working those two have that switch
wipers and the last part you got a lot
of blood you're working heavier and
you're covered the whole range of motion
so you're really ramming a lot of blood
in at most a very good kind of
combination to hit all different muscle
fiber types